Traumatic crush injury to the head and chest.
Two fitters were undertaking maintenance work when an accident occurred resulting in one fitter sustaining crush injuries and grazes to multiple body parts and the other being fatally injured when the load they were working under fell. 
At approximately 9.20am on Wednesday 4th December a contractor working on the tailings discharge line at the tailings dam was fatally injured. Emergency Response and medical teams promptly attended to the individual at the scene and at the medical centre. The scene was frozen. Authorities were notified and investigators were sent to site. Site operations were suspended.
Drill fitter had finished planned services for the shift and had returned the tools to the container located between Workshop bay two and three. Whilst returning to the LV the fitter proceeded down the footpath through workshop bay two, where there was a safety ramp ronning on the demarked footpath with service lines runing underneath it. As the IP descended the ramp they caught their foot on a loose hose not located under the ramp loosing their balance causing the IP fell to the ground landing on their knee on the concrete.
The injured person identified a stinging sensation on his left shin area. The injured person was not concerned at the time. The stinging area became inflamed and red of the next few days. The injured person attended the Camp Medical Centre on the 23rd November when he became concerned about possible infection as the wound was now painful.
Injured person was sleeping when he felt a stinging sensation on his right thigh area. The injured person was not concerned at the time. The bitten area became inflamed and red of the next few days. The injured person attended the Camp Medical Centre on the 26th November when he became concerned about possible infection as the wound was now painful. Sequence of events After arriving on-site on the 14th November, IP was working within the  area. Daily tasks included working with the Geo-mesh fabric consisting of 14 rolls, which has been situated within the area for approx. 3 months. The task required handling of the Geo-mesh fabric to be used in the  drains. Geo-mesh was handled by IP on multiple occasions over the course of their roster. The tasks were completed with the assistance. Due to the length of time that a white tail spider bite takes to manifest it is unknown an exact time, date and location the bite was incurred. After inspection of the injured person’s accommodation and work areas and the knowledge that the accommodation houses had a full pest treatment including externals it is highly probable that the bite was received in the workplace. After inspecting the work place buildings toilets trucks etc. and finding no evidence of spiders the most probable location is as stated above the spider where in the geo fabric mesh utilised for the  drains.
An Operator was transporting signs in a loader bucket. Whilst removing one of the signs from the bucket, it became jammed. In the process of attempting to free it, the sign moved suddenly in an upwards direction, jamming his finger between the sign post and the loader bucket.
On 11/11/13 at approximately 0900hrs employee was assisting two other operators in the relocation of a pump suction hose to a deeper area of the lake. During this task the employee felt a slight pain but didn't think anything of it because there was no pain afterwards, so the employee kept working. Later in the day at 1530hrs the employee was using a pick and shovel in which they felt their back becoming stiffer and painful.
Operator was climbing onto the rear of the bogger to straighten a hand rail when it gave way and the operator fell from the the bogger and landed between bogger and wall.
Service crew member stepped down from work cage onto uneven ground and rolled left ankle